and
Yes
well peter the day that started so nicely with
good tidings
that ends in the gerard behind yoda yes
unfortunately it was anyway
we are indeed starting the first cp
brought in many cars, I think five
or six and yes own everything went up
rolls to when the dunes too
actually came long piece duijnen
very good by very has cost costs
make sure where we are with five
minutes away and so at 2
jack is also nothing wrong
and I just want to go to the numbers
christophe did not return from a finnish
to drive and 12 kilometers before the end
yes we are to them or dock
diggle and rolled five times
yes there was none at all in the route book
danger or or or or
something crazy stood a stepping stone and more
did not say it even though we thought
went through him through a bed actually
and I already thought I had the step
and I jump from that from that
riverbed and to my big one
I am surprised you will come across another jump
and the rear of engine fly power
and was nothing to hold on to
so for free rolled the straight
sides and the soft soft heel
bad from the start
how the car looked but now afterwards
it all turns out it all
not too bad
so at least tomorrow for them
starting is not what you can hope for
can get
tom was your day to go today despite
Peter ' s crash of course everything day
of course better if that even better
junior
back a flat band, the second in
there are always four or five of us
white food and before we rest well
driven geris taste in the dunes
and we have a great one we have
day had
that is nice and prospects for the
rest of the rally we are now twelfth
overall i think i see one
bit our place is now
and we hope we are on the screens
yet one thing for it is anyway
still made mistakes and things
while on that on safe but still on there
I learn to continue to do devoured things like that
as we are busy
nice